The main and third SQL project is divided into four parts, each with his own theme and database.

Part 1: Restaurant Database - This database contains consumer restaurant ratings in Mexico, including information about each restaurant and its cuisines, as well as each consumer and their unique preferences. The SQL code segments answer various questions about the database, such as the number of distinct users, restaurants, and ratings, the number of times a person has given a review, and whether there is a link between consumer preferences and ratings.

Part 2: Marketing Database - This dataset contains 2240 observations (customers), with 28 variables relevant to marketing data. The variables (columns) give information about the profiles of customers, purchased products, success of the campaign (or failure), and performance of the channel. The SQL code segments answer questions such as which marketing campaigns were the most effective, which products are the most effective, and which channels are underperforming.

Part 3: Olympics Database - This dataset contains data about modern Olympic Games, from Athens in 1896 until Rio de Janeiro in 2016. Each row represents a single athlete competing in a single event, including information such as the athlete's name, sex, age, height, weight, nation, and medal, as well as the event's name, sport, games, year, and city. The SQL code segments answer questions about the age distribution of gold medalists, male/female athlete differences across time, medals awarded to each country, and variation of athletes' characteristics (age/weight/height) along time/across particular disciplines.

Part 4: Toy Sales Database - This database contains sales and inventory data for a fictitious chain of toy stores in Mexico, including information about products, stores, daily sales transactions, and current inventory levels at each location. The SQL code segments answer questions about which product categories drive the biggest profits, whether there are any seasonal trends or patterns in the sales data, whether sales are being lost due to out-of-stock products at certain locations, and how much money is tied up in inventory at the toy stores and how long it will last.

Additionally, there are two more projects with their own themes and databases. 
Project 1 focuses on video game players and how much money and time they spend on each game and what payment methods they use, which affect sales of items in the various video games. 
Project 2 focuses on authors, articles, and the product that the article published, and the traffic and views of each article trying to measure its popularity. Both projects contain multiple SQL code segments that answer various questions related to the theme of the project.
